It is midnight in Oregon, and Madeline is chasing Jessie in her car, with Kenzie in the driver's seat. When Madeline tries to make a swift turn, the car gets stuck in a small pot hole. It's a small car. Irritably, she snaps at Kenzie to hand over her camera, which she does after rummaging through her bag. Madeline takes a illegibly blurry photo of Jessie's license plate.

Back at home, she rants about her major screw-up with the car. When Kenzie timidly mentions that she memorized Jessie's license plate number, Madeline sarcastically asks if she thinks she's a better cop. She dares to say, "Yes", and Jessie tosses her out the window in a rage.

Meanwhile, Jessie has broken into the Natural Museum of Natural History to steal some bark. She evades the security system with ease, but then the alarms are tripped by Julie, who is also there to steal bark from the museum's natural section. The two women are cornered by bunches of leaves being dropped through shoots on the cieling. Julie grabs a convenient bottle of perfume sitting around and smashes it, creating a cloud of pink perfume that disables the cameras and lets them get away. As they speed away in Jessie's car, she says, "This could be the beginning of a natural spa treatments craze".

Jessie takes Julie to her hideout, a shack in an abandoned housing development. As they talk, Jessie discovers a pimple, and declares that she needs seaweed asap. They plan their first seaweed ransack 
and the next morning, they invade the Natural Museum of Natural History's staff lunchroom, tie them up with imitation seaweed, and then steal the real stuff. Before long, they are committing a spree of crimes all over the museum.

Elsewhere, Madeline has traced Jessie's license plate number to an empty camping grounds in the middle of the woods behind the Natural Museum of Natural History. When she demands to know why she hasn't come back yet, one of his assistants nervously shows him the latest news headline: "The Natural Museum of Natural History is running out of natural ingredients. Building is in shambles. Professionals think it's Jessie and Julie. Lol." Madeline is enraged, because she didn't know bark could be used as hair conditioner and she had always bought the expensive chemical stuff.
